include publication (#1879)
ie3-institute/simona: CHANGELOG.md

- Added external primary service worker [#1545](https://github.com/ie3-institute/simona/issues/1545)
- Added current SOE to `EnergyBoundariesFlexOptions` [#1815](https://github.com/ie3-institute/simona/issues/1815)
- Implement convex epigraph optimization [#1602](https://github.com/ie3-institute/simona/issues/1602)

> - Added PhD thesis by Thomas Oberließen to documentation [1709](https://github.com/ie3-institute/simona/issues/1709)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include functionality description of training data generation for neural state estimation [1709](https://github.com/ie3-institute/simona/issues/1709)
```
